yeah okay so part three of the courage
I'll show you what we have so fair so we
have both the caps on we've got the
circlip phone on this side and we've
just pushed the cap in by hand and an
easy way to tell if you have the needle
bearing sideways or not is if you can't
slide it easily like this needle bearing
it sideways so if you use a c-clamp
you'll mesh the needle bearing kind of
like one of the ones that we very
discouraged because we've already done
that once tonight because we're retards
well just me yeah and my strap idea got
that drive shaft yeah who said go get
the strap I was thinking about the
straps 20 minutes ahead of that shit
because I wanted to reef on it in fact
open to get my truck and heck that
cocksucker right off the transfer case
would have made a great video
huh we should probably tell people it's
eleven o'clock at night I'm fucking
tired seven up since 6am I gotta pee for
movies yeah i got up at six and then one
slept on my truck for half an hour at
airport so the funfair here is trying to
get google pad thingy in the salon we're
doing walking like that there we go
winner chicken dinner okay okay Charlie
huh Jenny Charlie smell and if we've
done it right we can see the groove for
the circlip hey so now we take the last
air Clippers we've dumped into snow six
times look increasing the bowl that
you're probably getting stalls fine when
I care which is not right now nope he'll
know who he goes in the snow again why
is this one gate why do they always give
you a gay one oh I know what is
somewhere where that u joints through
the free stuff was supposed to go like
that one
it's okay we know we're doing I swear
that means we know what we're doing
because we swear yes
that didn't look very professional or
professionally unprofessional
cool
it's okay your drive shaft came a little
chance I dropped I tried to grease my
slip yoke in the drive shaft and I guess
resun like everything so I had a rag and
then i used the rag for something else
he like jam my hand again then I dropped
the hammer in the pile of grease that it
shot all over like jizz
good
I'm even zooming awesome like oh oh
that's we can just try ya know yes and
now my Jeep won't vibrate like it's
gonna fucking have on me it won't
vibrate like a muhfucker I added some
ethnicity to this video you only pretend
black I'm black where it counts in her
face me
Coop's more so i think we did
cool do you have a flat head screwdriver
and II know yes there is here hold that
you need to be so much it just yours
fuck you Paul just take the glue on it
oh I'm getting it right in the camera no
I'm not their money so here we have a
lovely drive shaft lesser clips all the
way around and now we're going to
install a little shiny bit here so we
can grease it because everyone knows
proper identification is important
except when it's colder
and then maybe we'll fix it not optional
exhaust because it fell off last time I
went wheeling and oh my god I had
earplugs in and I was going deaf no fuck
you that's what she said I can see this
getting thrown in about two seconds yep
the topic on that was pretty good how do
you hold me that don't make a joke see
you later it's awesome kid galaxy's
steadicam work so I've got the camera on
the ground you probably not even pointed
in there a jig I am because I couldn't
see it on the fucking screen you dig oh
god I think I sure hope I better check
that in a minute the sad thing is our
parents are going to see this your
panties yours too
well now the u-joints installed I'm cold
again and I should really fix this with
the whole off on the way to work but
wondering how much I carry it dude at
reston against that bolt i'm pretty sure
it's like a decent inch black finish it
probably benefit from some sort of
hanger like a coat hanger and thinking